Dear, don't you like it?
Dear, how could you like such a rag?
Haha, yeah.
Dear, I like genuine leather.
Hey, it's not ragged, no.
Yes, I like it very much.
Qin Yan, do you like this pile of fragments?
This is no ordinary fragment.
It's a fragment of Ru porcelain ice cracks
Boy, don't talk nonsense
This ice crack
Is this a legend?
This is ice crack.
What is this ice crack
Bitter seeing is not a saying that there is a family
Not as good as this
This Bing Lie Bay is still the best in the world
Gee, I always thought he was just a legend.
I didn't expect him to be real
This is so precious
Hahahaha
Lord Qin is still satisfied
Thanks to Chen Tie Corpse, he still thinks of me
I am very satisfied.
Go back and tell you
I'll see him in person in a few days.
Yes, ma'am.
Did you see it?
A few pieces can shout like this together
Our 40,000 can definitely fool the water field
Master Huang, it's your turn.
It's alright, Master Huang
Your baby has long been dedicated to the youth
And Qin Yan also arranged for your piece.
Its final finale lot must not be taken
Hehe sister
Take it out and let's see
Qin Yan
You see, since everyone is so interested
Then let's go straight to the auction